What are students saying? 

“When I first heard about the Skillify program, I didn’t know what to think. The thought of networking and talking to adults scaredme. My friends and my parents convinced me to apply. I’m happy I did. Skillify is a great program. Not only did they help me talk tonew people, but they also helped me develop and grow my professional skills. All the staff care about you and working with yourStudent Success Manager is great!! They spend one on one time with you and on anything you need.  Just ask, and they’ll be therefor you. One of the biggest ways my Student Success Manager helped me was connecting me with professionals in the nursing andcomputer science field. I had an idea of what I wanted to pursue in college, but I could never narrow it down between nursing orcomputer programming. Through the calls, I talked to 4 professionals from Skillify. From those four professionals, I was able toconnect with two more people. Every adult I called was super friendly and happy to answer my questions. Through weeks ofcalling, asking questions about their jobs, and asking questions about college, I was able to get a better feel of what pathwould be best for me. Skillify provides countless opportunities for me. I’m so proud to say I’m a Skillify student.”

ALEXIS N. / NARBONNE SENIOR HIGH SCHOOL (2017)




What are parents saying? 
Marina M. 
I hope she will gain tools to make her feelconfident. Practical tools she can put touse to demystify scary situations likeinterviewing etc. She is already empowe-red by having attended the conference.She came home feeling inspired andhopeful that there are more options outthere for her than she thoughtthere were.
- Marina M. Palisades Charter High School, 2017

Denise A.
Victoria loved her first conference and isvery excited to be part of the program. Shefound Skillify on her own, applied, andwhen accepted, asked me to let her attend.I'm so happy that you created this programto help guide her ambition.
- Denise A, Mira Costa High School

Marcela R.
We are so grateful Stephanie was chosen forthis amazing opportunity. She is our oldestand we didn't get the chance to continuewith college right after high school. She hasworked so hard to live her dream of collegeand a career in Physical Therapy. Now withSkillify we know she is a step closer tomaking it a reality.
- Marina M. Palisades Charter High School, 2017

Nicole F
Malea came home very excited about theprogram and the connections and friendsshe made. She love her mentor Danyel andis very excited to work with her. As a parentI was very impressed with the com munication, professionalism and how much allthe staff and interns were excitedto work with the kids.
- Nicole F., El Toro High School, 2019

Dennis W.
Spencer was very enthusiastic with whathe learned at the conference and what helearned about himself. His confidence levelrose and he understood the value of thetools he is being introduced to. He is formulating goals and feels very good aboutbeing able to accomplish them. Thankyou very much for creating this valuableexperience and for presenting the opportunity to Spencer in Mr. Kurz classroom.
- Dennis W., Mira Costa High School, 2016

Patricia S.
Thank you so much for this program! It hasalready made a strong impact in Daniella'slife. She has clarified her career goal - eventplanner. She enrolled in a speed reading/summer reading program. She is also watchinginformative TedTalks, all of which bring maturity and personal growth! Just today she heard she got selected for an unpaid summerinternship and is excited about working ona campaign to raise awareness and fundsfor Free Arts for Abused Children. She isdoing all of this on her own and I could notbe more proud of her.
- Patricia S., West Ranch High School, 2016